ci(docker): latest tag publishing (#59)
spiral/roadrunner-binary: README.md

```

> For getting roadrunner binary file you can use our docker image: `spiralscout/roadrunner:X.X.X` (more information about
> image and tags can be found [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/spiralscout/roadrunner/)).
>

> > Important notice: we strongly recommend using a versioned tag (like `1.2.3`) instead `latest`.

Author: ```suggestion
> Important notice: we strongly recommend to use a versioned tag (like `1.2.3`) instead `latest`.
```
